WOMAN:
¶ Once there was a way
To get back homeward ¶
MAN:
¶ Are the stars out tonight? ¶
¶ Once there was a way ¶
¶ To get back home ¶
¶ I only have eyes ¶
¶ Sleep, pretty darling
Do not cry ¶
¶ For you ¶
¶ And I will sing
A lullaby ¶
MAN 2:
¶ With a song in my heart ¶
WOMAN 2:
¶ So tell me ¶
PENGUINS:
¶ Tell me something good ¶
¶ Yeah, yeah, yeah ¶
¶ Tell me
That you love me ¶
¶ Tell me, baby, yeah ¶
¶ Tell me something good ¶
MAN 3:
¶ Only you ¶
NORMA JEAN:
But how can you know
for sure?
¶ Can make this world
seem right ¶
Is there really just one?
"UNCHAINED MELODY" PENGUIN:
¶ I need your love ¶
So many songs,
but I'm feeling so lonely
¶ Where is the love? ¶
[PENGUINS SINGING
AND CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
¶ You don't have
To be beautiful ¶
Wow!
¶ To turn me on ¶
ALL:
¶ Ooh, yeah ¶
¶ I just need your body, baby ¶
¶ Hello ¶
¶ From dusk till dawn ¶
¶ Is it me
You're looking for? ¶
¶ You don't need experience ¶
¶ Take... ¶
¶ To turn me out ¶
¶ These broken wings ¶
[SIGHS]
¶ You just leave it all
Up to me ¶
Whoo!
¶ Let's talk about eggs, baby ¶
Huh?
¶ Let's talk about you and me ¶
Mm-uh. Uh-uh.
¶ You don't have to be rich ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Give me all your loving ¶
¶ To be my pearl ¶
¶ You don't have to be cool
To rule my world ¶
¶ Ain't no particular song
I'm more compatible with ¶
¶ I just want your extra-- ¶
Boys! Boys.
Give a chick a chance.
MEMPHIS:
¶ Well, since my baby left me ¶
¶ I found a new place
To dwell ¶
¶ It's down at the end
Of Lonely Street ¶
¶ At Heartbreak Hotel ¶
¶ And I said,
I'm feelin' so lonely, baby ¶
¶ I'm feelin' so lonely ¶
¶ Oh, I'm feelin' so lonely-- ¶
¶ So lonely ¶
¶ I could die ¶
¶ Don't have to be rich
To be my girl ¶
¶ Don't have to be cool
To rule my world ¶
¶ You rule my world ¶
¶ You're the particular song
I'm compatible with ¶
¶ I just want your ¶
BOTH:
¶ Extra time ¶
¶ And your kiss ¶
LOVELACE:
His mom and dad met
in the usual way.
The song became love.
And love became the egg.
[MEMPHIS PANTS]
Ooh.
Memphis?
You got it, sugar?
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Hm.
Safe and warm.
Hold it tight, now.
Oh, whoa, I think I felt
a move in there.
[CHUCKLES]
And in the usual way,
the moms left
for the fishing season
while the dads stayed home
to do egg time.
You gonna be okay, daddy?
Oh, sure, honey.
We'll be waiting for you,
right here on Lonely Street.
¶ I love you more and more ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Tell me why ¶
Bye-bye, now.
Goodbye, Norma Jean.
Don't you worry about a thing.
¶ Don't wanna let you go ¶
¶ I never can say goodbye, boy ¶
[WIND HOWLING]
NOAH:
When all others leave...
MALE PENGUINS:
We remain!
When the sun vanishes...
MEMPHIS:
¶ I'm feelin' so lonely
I'm feelin' so lonely-- ¶
NOAH:
Heed the wisdoms, brothers!
Make a huddle!
ALL:
Warm thy egg!
Make a huddle!
MEMPHIS:
Mm-hm.
ALL:
Share the cold!
Share the cold.
NOAH:
Each must take his turn
against the icy blast
if we are to survive
the endless night.
NOAH:
Raise your voices, brothers!
Give praise
to the Great 'Guin,
who puts songs in our hearts
and fish in our bellies!
NORMA JEAN:
¶ Ain't no particular song
I'm more compatible with ¶
¶ Oh, baby
I think I wanna dance now ¶
Whoa-- Ho!
No, no, no. Ah!
LOVELACE:
There is a wisdom,
brothers and sisters,
that stands
above all others.
Never, ever--
It's okay.
No matter what.
No harm done. See?
--drop your egg.
No, we're cool.
We're cool.
[PENGUINS SINGING
IN GREEK]
Of the many thousands
who sang through that long
night of winter,
it was Memphis
who cried out most fervently
to turn the Earth
and bring back the sun.
[¶¶¶]
Da?
[GIGGLES]
[PENGUINS CHEERING]
FATHER 1: It's a boy!
Achoo!
FATHER 2:
Hey, it's a girl!
What a peach!
FATHER 3: What a bruiser!
FATHER 4: Come here, son.
FATHER 5: Come to Daddy.
FATHER 6:
Ah, son, you have made
your daddy so proud.
FATHER 7:
It's all genetics, you know.
[HUMMING]
Memphis?
Hm?
Is everything okay?
Uh, uh...
I-- I don't know.
I can't hear anything.
[PECKING]
Is it empty?
Honey--
Can I have it?
Gloria!
It's okay, Maurice.
[PECKING]
[SIGHS]
It happens sometimes, Memphis.
[INHALES]
Yeah.
[PECKING]
[SIGHS]
[TAPPING]
Wait, you hear that?
Yeah.
Hey, I can hear--
I can hear you, buddy.
Oh, your papa's here,
it's okay.
[TAPPING]
[GLORIA GIGGLES]
Oh! He's okay, Maurice.
He can-- Whoa! There it is!
That's his little foot there!
Whoa! There's his other one!
[MUMBLING]
[GIGGLES]
That's different.
Yeah.
Hey! Come back here,
Mr. Mumble.
MAURICE:
Ah, ah, Gloria!
MEMPHIS:
Oh, she can call him
whatever the heck she likes.
Whoa, little Mumble.
Oh-huh-oh.
Wh-whoa, whoa, oh!
Whoa!
[GRUNTS]
Mumble? Mumble?
You okay?
F-freezing.
Oh, you'll get used to it.
[SHIVERING]
Come on, son.
Come to your daddy.
Hey, what do
you make of that?
Little wobbly
in the knees, huh?
Is he okay?
I don't know.
What--?
What you doing there, boy?
I'm happy, Pa.
What you doing with your feet?
[MUMBLES]
They're happy too.
I wouldn't do that
around folks, son.
Why not?
Well, i-it just
ain't penguin, okay?
Okay.
Yeah. Hey, come on over here.
Get under here. Get warm.
Watch the beak.
Watch the beak-- Beak! Aw!
The beak.
[GUTTURAL VOICE]
Okay, good boy.
[¶¶¶]
So late.
What's keeping them?
Pray, brothers,
the Great 'Guin does not test us
with a lean season.
Why, Noah? Have we not
all been dutiful?
So when you see your mama--
I stand perfectly still.
You got it.
But how will I know
which one's my mama?
Oh, you'll know.
She's got a wiggle in her walk
and a giggle in her talk.
And when she sings,
it darn near breaks your heart.
Hey, wait.
I see 'em.
I see 'em!
You're right! You're right!
Wives, ho!
MEMPHIS:
Wait, no. Wait, no, Mumble,
get back here.
No, Mumble! Get back--
Mumble! Mumble!
[PENGUINS CHEERING]
Mumble!
FATHER 1:
Sarah?
MAURICE:
Michelle? Michelle?
FATHER 2:
Roxanne?
Michelle?
[ALL CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
MOTHER:
Where's the baby?
Maurice!
Michelle! Michelle!
Mommy!
Oh, she's so darling.
MEMPHIS:
Excuse me. Pardon me,
pardon me.
Mumble? Mumble?
Oh, Mumble.
Mama?
MEMPHIS:
Mumble! Mumble!
Mama?!
Mumble!
MUMBLE:
Mama? Mama?
Mumble, boy,
where are you?
Mama!
[¶¶¶]
Memphis?
Oh, mama. Oh, mama.
Oh-ho!
[SIGHS]
Oh, my.
Daddy.
[SIGHS]
So-- So where's
the baby?
Well, honey, I, uh--
I'll find him.
You lost the baby?
It's okay.
Memphis!
Mama? Mama?
Stay!
Oh!
Uh.
Come to Mommy.
Wait, no Mumble.
[GIGGLES]
Mama, Mama.
Hey, w-what's wrong
with his feet?
Oh, that's just a little
thing he's got going.
He'll grow out of it.
Ah!
Mama!
[BOTH LAUGH]
Oh, Memphis,
he's gorgeous.
Isn't he, though?
Look at you.
Ha, ha, ha.
Mama.
I got something for you.
Open up.
[VOMITS]
[GULPS]
Oh, I love the way
she does that.
[GIGGLES]
[¶¶¶]
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
MISS VIOLA:
Good morning, class.
ALL:
Good morning, Miss Viola.
Right. Well,
today we begin
with the most important lesson
you will ever learn
at Penguin Elementary.
Does anyone know what that is?
Anyone? Anyone?
Someone? Seymour?
Fishing?
No.
Mumble?
Um, don't eat yellow snow?
No, that's not it, no.
It's our Heartsong, Miss.
Thank you, Gloria.
Excellent, yes.
Without our Heartsong,
we can't be truly penguin,
can we?
ALL:
No.
But, my dears,
it's not something
that I can actually teach you.
Does anybody know why?
Anyone? Anyone?
You can't teach it to us, ma'am,
because we have to find
our Heartsongs all by ourselves.
Well done, you.
It's the voice you hear inside--
Yes.
--who you truly are.
Yes. Thank you, Gloria.
Excellent, lovely, thank you.
So let's all be very still now.
Take a moment
and let it come to you.
I got one!
KID: Pick me!
Pick me!
One at a time.
Yes, Seymour.
¶ Don't push me
'Cause I am close to the edge ¶
¶ I'm trying not to lose
My head ¶
Yes, I like that one.
I could really get jiggy
with that. Lovely.
GLORIA:
I'm ready. I got one.
Oh, I thought
you might, Gloria.
[INHALES]
¶ Mmm ¶
Ahem.
¶ Midnight creeps so slowly ¶
¶ Into hearts of those ¶
¶ Who need more than they get ¶
¶ Daylight deals a bad hand ¶
¶ To a penguin ¶
¶ Who has laid too many bets ¶
KID 2: Wow!
KID 3: Oh. Wow!
That's as far as I got so far.
MISS VIOLA:
Oh, yes, lovely.
Really lovely.
That's beautiful.
Well, Mumble, since
you seem so keen to share.
Uh, uh.
Mine's sort of a boom and a:
[HONKS]
[ALL LAUGH]
Oh, dear.
And another boom.
You heard that in there?
Do you like it?
Dear, I'm afraid
that's not a tune.
It's not?
No, dear. A tune is like, uh:
¶ La, la, la, la, la, la, la ¶
Oh, okay.
¶ La, la, la, laaaa ¶
[HONKS LOUDLY]
Hm, who is that?
EGGBERT:
That is the offspring
of Memphis and Norma Jean.
The wee hippity-hopper.
¶ La, la, la ¶
[HONKS]
¶ La, la, la, la ¶
[SCREECHES]
[ALL LAUGH]
It's not funny!
No. No, not in the least.
A penguin without a Heartsong
is hardly a penguin at all.
KID 4:
I think he broke my ears.
KID 5:
Oh, Mumble.
In all my years,
I've never, I mean--
And-- And-- And you having
such fine voices.
Well, it--
It's bizarre.
Did anything happen, you know,
during early development?
No, all fine.
Normal incubation.
Right.
Wasn't it, honey?
Yeah. Yeah, it was a...
tough winter, I guess.
Right, right.
Uh, uh. He did hatch
a little late--
Yes, I understand. Yes.
To think, he might
spend his life alone...
Quite, quite.
...never to meet
his one true love.
Oh, please, Miss Viola,
isn't there something we can do?
Well, there is always
Mrs. Astrakhan.
Mrs. Astrakhan?
If anyone can,
Mrs. Astrakhan can.
[MRS. ASTRAKHAN SINGING
IN RUSSIAN]
Can't sing?
Rubbish, darling.
Every little penguin has a song.
When I have finished,
your singing will be giving
everyone the goose pimple.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Now, to begin.
First, we must find a feeling.
Happy feeling, sad feeling.
Maybe, lonely feeling.
You feel it?
Uh-huh.
Good. Now, let it out.
Be spontaneous.
[GASPS]
That, what is that?
I'm being spontan-you-us.
[BOTH SIGH]
Darling, you want
to meet beautiful girl?
Uh-huh.
You want to make the egg?
Oh, yes.
Well, sing!
And no jiggy-jog.
Do not move muscle.
No moving!
[GASPS]
¶ Twinkle, twinkle little star ¶
[SCREECHES]
Enough!
Okay. We go back to the top.
Oh.
Forget body. Look inside soul.
Feel the feeling.
Enormous feeling.
So enormous it fills whole body.
It must escape or you explode.
Now, open your little beak.
Come on.
Yes, yes.
Lift up the head, that's it.
Now, now...
MRS. ASTRAKHAN:
¶ Now ¶
[INHALES]
Ah!
[GROANS]
[GIGGLES]
[CHUCKLES]
[GROANS]
Huh! Ah.
Hip! Ah!
Uh, huh!
Huh!
[TAPPING FASTER]
MRS. ASTRAKHAN:
Disaster! Catastrophe!
I never fail before.
Never! Never!
[SOBBING]
[GROANS]
[SIGHS]
[MRS. ASTRAKHAN SOBBING]
Well, I thought
it was kind of cute.
But it just
ain't penguin, okay?
So, what if he's
a little different?
I always kind
of liked different.
He's not different.
He's a regular emperor penguin.
Hey, you know what?
I can leave school.
Whoa.
I can go to work.
Mumble--
The three of us.
Whoa, whoa, little fella.
You ain't going nowhere till
you got yourself an education.
You get them singing muscles
big and strong, you got that?
I'll try, Pa.
You bet you will.
The word "triumph" starts
with "try," and it ends with?
"Umph."
That's right.
A great big "umph."
I'm going fishing.
[SIGHS]
Umph, umph, umph.
Oh, Mumble.
LOVELACE:
That first hard summer
while his mom and dad
were working overtime
on the great commute
to the sea,
Mumble found a place
away from disapproving eyes
where a funky little fella
could be himself.
[TAPS]
[GASPS]
[STEVIE WONDER'S
"I WISH" PLAYING]
¶ Looking back on when I ¶
¶ Was a little
Nappy-headed boy ¶
Whoo! Huh!
¶ Tryin' your best to bring
The water to your eyes ¶
¶ Thinkin' it might stop her
From whuppin' your behind ¶
¶ I wish those days ¶
Ha!
¶ Could ¶
¶ Come back once more ¶
¶ Why did those days
Ever have to go ¶
¶ 'Cause I love them so ¶
¶ Doo doo roo doo ¶
Doo doo doo doo ¶
BOSS SKUA:
Hey!
Huh?
What you doing there,
flipper bird?
Nothing.
What are you doing?
Nothing. Just dropped in
for a little lunch.
There's food? Here?
[ALL LAUGH]
Oh, leg or wing?
Oh, oh!
No, no, wait.
Not me, I'm a penguin.
Exactly. The flipper birds,
that's you, eat the fish.
Yeah.
The flying birds, that's me,
eat the flipper bird
and the fish.
And lately,
there ain't a lot of fish.
So--
This time--
I'm getting
the juicy bits.
Me first!
Hey, you want a piece of me?
[ALL SHOUTING]
Hey, hey, hey! I'm trying
to think about lunch.
Wait! Watch this!
Yeah, that's weird, all right.
Listen.
For once, we're gonna
do this civilized.
Now, get in line--
Hey! What's that on your leg?
What? This little thing?
Oh, no.
Don't start him on that.
Shut up! The little flipper boy
asked me a perceptive question.
A question like that
deserves an answer.
SKUA 1:
Here we go.
I got two words for you:
alien abduction.
SKUA 2: Oh, you had to ask.
SKUA 3: Have mercy.
Quiet!
[WHINES]
Now, little buddy,
there is something out there.
Creatures. Not like us.
Bigger, fiercer,
and smarter too.
Ask me how I know.
How?
'Cause I've been captured
by them, that's how.
Unbelievable.
What do you mean "unbelievable"?
It's true.
I'm sitting on a rock,
minding my own business,
when suddenly,
they're onto me.
These beings,
like big ugly penguins.
Fat, flabby faces
with front-ways eyes,
no feathers, no beaks,
and these-- These appendages.
They probe me. They tie me up.
They strap me down.
They take this pointy thing,
and they stick it into me.
And then:
blackout.
Gosh.
I woke up and there's this--
This thing on me.
Every flying bird is dissing me,
"Hey, what's happening,
yellow leg?"
It was humiliating.
And-- And then what?
What more do you want?
They could have eated you.
Yeah. Yeah.
I guess my pitiful cries
for mercy
appealed to their
better nature.
Can I appeal
to your better nature?
Nice try, kid,
but no.
[ALL CHUCKLE]
No. No. No!
What you doing down there,
flipper bird?
SKUA 2:
Get up here.
No!
Get back up here this minute.
Oh, jeez, great. You let him
get away. Didn't you?
SKUA 3:
All your screwy alien talk.
BOOS SKUA:
Hey, I'm an abductee.
SKUA 1:
Abduct this.
Don't make me call Uncle Angie.
Oh, fine.
Where youse going?
I'm an abductee!
I don't care what you are,
I'm hungry!
Would you like
to hear our specials?
How 'bout some fish?
There's no fish.
How 'bout some penguin?
There's no penguin.
What are we gonna eat?!
[SOBBING]
[¶¶¶]
ALL:
¶ There's a world
Where I can go ¶
¶ And tell my secrets to ¶
¶ In my room ¶
LOVELACE:
Paying no mind
to his dancing heart,
the kid saw out his school days
at the back of the class,
lost in his imaginings.
KIDS:
¶ Now it's dark and... ¶
What fabulous worlds lay out
there, far beyond the ice?
¶ I won't be afraid ¶
Was there any place
where one small penguin
without a Heartsong
could ever truly belong?
¶ In my room ¶
[CROWD CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[APPLAUSE]
NOAH:
And so, a thousand
generations ago,
our forefathers forsook
our wings for flippers.
You graduates going to sea
for the first time
are to reap the benefits
of their wise choice.
These are lean
and uncertain times.
But by the power
of the ancient penguin wisdoms,
we, my brethren, will endure.
[ALL CHEERING]
"Blah, blah, blah."
Norma Jean.
Who is he to say
my boy can't graduate?
He's not hurting anyone.
NOAH:
--true to our ways and you will
always be worthy of this,
our brave penguin nation.
Excelsior!
ALL:
Yah! Yah! Yah!
[ALL CHEERING]
[APPLAUSE]
[ALL CHATTERING]
MALE PENGUIN:
Ocean, here I come!
NORMA JEAN:
You know what?
We could have a little
graduation ceremony of our own.
You mean it, Ma?
You betcha.
BOTH:
Excelsior!
Hey! Whoa!
Whoa! Hey!
BOTH:
Yah! Yah! Yah!
Keep it down.
Pa.
Memphis.
Uh...
[COUGHING]
Yah, yah, yah.
Go get 'em, tiger.
Thanks, Ma.
Make every moment count!
Got ya, Ma!
Remember, "Stranger Danger."
Yeah, sure, Pa.
And watch out for those leopard
seals and them killer whales!
Ugh.
Mark this, Noah.
That boy was always a bad egg.
I'm telling you,
no good will come of this.
[BRAND NEW HEAVIES'
"JUMP 'N MOVE" PLAYING]
¶ Big roughneck respect
All about one ¶
¶ All about one... ¶
MUMBLE:
Hey!
¶ Like a volcanic eruption ¶
Wait up!
¶ Ribbit ¶
¶ Jump and move
And jump and move ¶
¶ And jump and move and stop
Follow me ¶
¶ Jump and move and stop now ¶
[MAN RAPPING
IN JAMAICAN DIALECT]
¶ Now jump and move
And jump and move ¶
¶ And jump and move and stop ¶
¶ Then jump and move
And jump and move ¶
¶ And jump and move and stop ¶
BOY 1:
Uh, what do you think?
BOY 2: You first.
GIRL 1: No, you first.
[ALL CHATTERING]
No. No, no, no.
[GRUNTING]
Watch it!
Stop pushing!
Whoa!
BOY 1:
What was that?
GIRL 1:
I think it was the fuzzball.
GIRL 2:
See any blood?
What you waiting for?!
[THE BEACH BOYS'
"DO IT AGAIN" PLAYING]
¶ It's automatic when
I talk with old friends ¶
¶ And conversation
Turns to girls we knew ¶
¶ When their hair
Was soft and long ¶
¶ And the beach
Was the place to go ¶
¶ The suntanned bodies
And waves of sunshine ¶
¶ The California girls
And a beautiful coastline ¶
¶ With warmed-up weather
Let's get together ¶
¶ And do it again ¶
[SINGERS HARMONIZING]
¶ With a girl
The lonely sea... ¶
SEYMOUR:
Hey, Gloria!
Gloria, I adore-ia.
I'd like to see more-ia.
Gloria.
¶ Makes your nighttimes warm ¶
¶ And out of sight ¶
[SINGERS HARMONIZING]
Whoa!
GLORIA: Mumble?
MUMBLE: Gloria.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
I-- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to...
SEYMOUR:
Fall back, coming through!
[GLORIA YELPS]
MUMBLE: Hey!
[¶¶¶]
Gloria?
Uh-huh.
All my life,
I've wanted to say
that you're so--
Fish.
Yeah.
Y-you're so fish.
[LAUGHING] No. Fish!
Huh?
ALL:
Fish!
[ALL CHATTERING]
BOY 1: Oh, that's mine.
BOY 2: That's lousy.
GIRL 1: You didn't get one?
GIRL 2:
Sorry, honey.
MUMBLE:
Gloria. You got one?
Nope. Not this time.
You have it.
Thank you, Mumble,
but it's yours.
I want you to have it.
No. You caught it. You eat it.
I want you to-- Agh!
Skua! You get back here!
[MUMBLE GRUNTING]
SKUA: Come on.
Mumble! Let go!
SKUA 2:
You let him get away!
[GRUNTS]
Is he breathing?
He's certainly not eating.
Mumble?
Are you okay?
[PANTING]
[MUFFLED]
Take the fish.
Huh? What?
Take the stupid fish.
Oh, okay.
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MOANING]
Thank you, Mumble.
You're welcome.
PENGUINS:
¶ Somebody to ¶
BASS PENGUIN:
¶ Love ¶
SEYMOUR:
On this, our night
of graduation,
infatuation, illumination,
top of the class, ooh,
Missy Gloria.
GLORIA:
¶ Each morning I get up
I die a little ¶
¶ Can barely stand
On my feet ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Take a look at yourself
In the mirror ¶
¶ And cry ¶
¶ Lord, what you doing to me? ¶
¶ I've spent all my years
On believing you ¶
¶ I just can't get no relief ¶
¶ Lord ¶
¶ Somebody ¶
¶ Please ¶
¶ Can anybody find me ¶
¶ Somebody to love? ¶
[ALL CHEERING]
¶ She works hard every day ¶
¶ Every day ¶
¶ Oh, I try and I try
And I try ¶
¶ But everybody
Wants to put me down ¶
¶ They say, they say
I'm going crazy ¶
¶ They say I got a lot
Of water in my brain ¶
¶ Got no common sense ¶
¶ I got nobody left
To believe in ¶
¶ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ¶
[HONKING]
¶ Oooooh ¶
BOY 1:
What's wrong with you?
Whoo!
Mumble.
Yeah?
It's better you just--
Yeah, I-- I know.
You listen. You know?
Heh. Yeah.
Sorry.
It's okay.
GIRL 1: Sing the song.
Y-you're great.
That-- That was great.
GLORIA: ¶ Oh, baby ¶
CHORUS: ¶ Somebody to love ¶
GLORIA:
Come on. Put your flippers
in the air, now.
¶ Find me
Somebody to love ¶
GLORIA:
I'm searching high and low.
I'm searching
high and low.
Yes, there's somebody out there
who needs to find me.
¶ Somebody, anybody ¶
I'm somebody.
¶ Find me ¶
Ow!
GLORIA:
¶ I wanna love somebody ¶
¶ Send someone over here ¶
¶ Ohhhhh ¶
¶ Can anybody find me ¶
¶ Somebody to ¶
[HONKS QUIETLY]
¶ Love? ¶
[MUMBLE HONKING]
ALL:
Mumble!
BOY 1:
Who do you think you are?
BOY 2:
You're spoiling it
for everybody.
GIRL 1: Take a flying leap.
BOY 3: Jump in the lake.
[ALL CHATTERING]
[SIGHS]
[¶¶¶]
GLORIA [IN DISTANCE]:
¶ Where is my baby? ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Ooh, ooh, ooh ¶
¶ Oh, anybody, find me
Find me, find me ¶
¶ Somebody? ¶
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
IN DISTANCE]
[MUFFLED RUMBLING]
[GASPS]
Huh.
Okay, fellas.
Cut it out.
Oh-ho! Heh-heh!
I'm completely terrified.
Uh, Gloria?
Guys?
G-get up here
or I'll come in after ya.
[WATER RIPPLING]
[MUMBLE SCREAMING, GRUNTING]
[¶¶¶]
Ho!
[GROWLS]
[MUMBLE YELPING]
RAMON: Safe!
RINALDO: Oh, yeah!
RAMON: You the bomb, bro.
LOMBARDO: That's a 9.8.
RAUL: I give you 10.
RAMON: Why?
[ALL SCREAMING, SHOUTING]
Oh, no, no, no. Come on.
Bring it. Bring it on.
Kiss my frozen tushy.
Kiss it. Kiss it.
[GROWLS]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING,
SEAL GROWLING]
Come here, sausage.
I take you with ketchup.
But first you got
to catch up.
[ALL LAUGH]
Oh, here he comes. You better
move in a half an hour.
ALL [SLOWLY]:
Let's get out of here.
Hey, amigo, do that again.
Do what?
That thing with the--
The clickety-clickety.
Oh, that.
Yeah, do it.
RAUL: Come on, come on.
Well, I just kind of go:
Oh, hey.
RAMON: Yeah, yeah.
RAUL: Oh, nice.
And then this:
Whoa! Way to go! It's amazing!
[PENGUIN LAUGHS]
Ouchie.
RAMON: Oh, the little whisker.
RAUL: Look at him.
Oh, he's leaving.
Oh, no, that was his face!
[ALL LAUGH]
Remember, dumplings,
I know where you live.
Yeah, it's called land,
lard face.
Drop back anytime,
rubber butt!
[ALL LAUGH]
See you, fatty.
That's cool.
"See you, fatty!"
Did it take you a while
to come up with that one?
All right, way to go,
tall guy.
Give me fin,
give me fin.
RAUL:
¶ To the left, to the right
I'm getting it, oh, yes ¶
¶ Look out, here I go ¶
RAMON:
¶ I got it, I got it
I don't, I had it ¶
[ALL LAUGHING]
RAUL:
Oh, my stomach hurts.
I gotta pee.
RAMON:
Oy! Ain't you coming,
tall boy?
Um...
What, you got something
better to do?
No.
Well, then,
come along, Fluffy,
let's go.
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
[¶¶¶]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
RAMON:
Hey, Stretch,
you like to party?
P-party?
I guess so.
LOMBARDO:
Well, stick with us, baby.
NESTOR:
Yeah, 'cause we practically
own the action here.
ALL:
¶ Mambo! ¶
[ALL CHEERING]
Everybody's so...
spontan-you-us.
RAMON:
Spontan-you-us!
RAUL:
Sì. And these are
the bad times!
Yeah, our food chain
gone loco.
RINALDO:
Everyone a bit down.
RAMON:
But it ain't gonna
stop no party.
[ALL WHOOPING]
LOMBARDO: Viva la party!
NESTOR: Watch me work.
Gosh, he's eating rocks.
[HUMMING]
You hear what he said?
"Eating rocks."
But he had a rock
in his mouth.
That's no rock, hombre.
It's love stones.
Huh?
For building the nest.
The one with
the most pebbles wins.
You know:
¶ Chick-a-chick-a-boom-boom ¶
You're not interested in--?
In chicas?
ALL: Hey, hey, hey.
You kidding?
Without us,
the chicas got no boom.
[LAUGHTER,
INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Why aren't you
collecting pebbles?
Pebbles, schmebbles.
We got personality,
with a capital Y.
Why?
Because we're hot.
Watch and learn,
tall boy.
Yeah.
RAMON: Hey. Hey, baby.
NESTOR: Over here, mama.
Chicky baby.
What are you looking at?
You looking at me?
Come over here, baby.
Come on, mamí.
You see something
you like, yes?
I don't think so.
Not tonight, baby.
Oh, don't be
so snooty, booty.
[ALL LAUGH]
¶ That's the way
Ah-ah, ah-ah ¶
¶ You like it
You like it ¶
¶ You want it
I got it ¶
¶ Coulda had it
You missed it ¶
Look at the feet,
huh?
Whoo!
LOMBARDO:
Arriba, arriba, arriba, arriba!
Where'd you learn that?
The big guy.
He from out of town.
He with us.
Do it, baby.
Show me those flipping feet.
[ALL LAUGH]
LOMBARDO:
No, no, no. Sorry, girls.
Some other time
maybe.
Aye-yay-yay.
You guys are soft
in the head, okay?
Let's go.
Leave 'em wanting more,
you know?
RINALDO:
Hold back till the season.
You show them what you got.
Either you got it or not.
RAUL: And the Amigos?
ALL: We got it!
[ALL LAUGH]
Uh, y-you think
I could get some of it?
Hombre, you've got
so much already,
you dangerous, baby.
Ow!
You really think so?
You kidding?
With moves like yours,
you must have all the ladies
drooling at your feet.
Uh,
I wouldn't say that.
Oh, listen to him.
He's so cute.
Let me tell something
to you.
Except for me, tall boy,
you got the most charisma
of anybody.
NESTOR:
Put that ego away, Ramon,
you're gonna hurt someone.
[ALL SHOUTING]
You so jealous.
Just a moment.
I hear people
wanting something.
Me!
[ALL LAUGH]
[SINGING IN SPANISH]
ALL: ¶ Mambo ¶
¶ Okay, you girlies ¶
¶ Mambo ¶
¶ One more time now, mambo
Mambo, mambo, mambo ¶
ALL:
Mambo!
[MAN SINGING IN SPANISH]
¶ ...you wanna be down... ¶
Booyah! Booyah!
¶ They want to be with us all
They want to be uptown ¶
ALL:
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Your turn. Your turn.
[ALL HOOTING]
Oh, get down.
Yeah!
[ALL SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
Whoa!
MUMBLE:
Woo-hoo! Hoo-hoo-hoo!
NESTOR:
Man, this guy is
so accidentally cool.
[ALL YELL]
Okay, okay.
Mama!
[¶¶¶]
Whoa!
Whoa, whoa.
[LAUGHING]
Whoa!
[ALL SCREAMING, LAUGHING]
[BABBLING]
Help me, Mommy!
[GRUNTING]
[LAUGHING]
Hey! Oof!
[RAMON YELLING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Yee-haw!
Whoa. Whoa. Ugh!
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNTS]
RAMON:
Come on, Fluffy.
[ALL LAUGHING]
NESTOR:
Oh, I love gravity.
Oh, I feel like
reminiscing.
NESTOR:
Remin-icing?
[ALL YELLING]
Whoo!
[BOTH GRUNT]
[¶¶¶]
[ALL YELLING, LAUGHING]
[ALL WHOOPING]
[YELLS]
[SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[JINGLING]
[RUMBLING]
[GRUNTS]
[ALL YELLING]
That was too close.
Come on, come on!
[ALL GRUNT]
MUMBLE:
Hey, guys! Where are we going?
LOMBARDO:
We? Relocating.
RAUL:
Placing ourselves elsewhere.
But that thing, what was it?
NESTOR:
How should we know?
We're penguins.
Very little penguins.
But where did it come from?
It's so weird, so alien.
What's he talking about?
Some hombre called Elian.
I don't know a guy Elian.
I knew a guy named Estevan--
Not Estevan, he said Elian.
Guys, we have a mystery here.
A mind-boggling mystery.
So? What are we supposed
to do about it?
Amigos, we gotta get
to the bottom of this thing.
Big guy, let me tell
something to you.
Come close.
Don't be afraid.
You want answers?
Yeah.
That's all you need?
Nothing else?
No.
Then this is very easy.
You go see Lovelace.
Ah! Lovelace.
Go see Lovelace.
Genius, Ramon. You are the man.
Thank you.
I take a moment for myself.
Let's go.
Bow down, bow down.
You the man.
That's enough, I feel your love.
Who's Lovelace?
Lovelace is the guru.
Go see Lovelace.
He got the answer to everything.
Everything.
Really?
Ask him, he never wrong.
Never.
But first,
you gonna need a pebble.
[¶¶¶]
LOVELACE:
Hold it, y'all.
I have a warning
for the audience.
Ladies,
please avert your eyes,
'cause I've been known
to hypnotize.
You heard the voice,
now you're about to meet
the one and only Lovelace,
in the flesh,
right here, right on,
right now.
The devotion, please.
[ALL GASP]
Oh, yeah.
And now, your question.
Señor Lovelace,
my wife has disappeared.
Is she alive?
ALL:
¶ Whoo ¶
LOVELACE:
¶ Ho, yo ¶
¶ Is she alive now? ¶
¶ Separate the truth
From the jive ¶
¶ Speak to me
Oh, mystic beings ¶
[BLUSTERS]
Yes! She's happy
and you're in her thoughts.
Is she with another male?
One pebble, one question. Next!
Oh, Serene One.
Please ask the mystic beings,
will I ever be
as rich as you?
Mm. In your dreams, Jean.
Next!
Gracias.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Get up there, big guy.
That's it. Don't be scared.
Gentleman, please!
One at a time.
Um, we with him.
Yeah, we together.
He got a beautiful question.
Go.
Do it. Do it.
Just don't look him
in the eye.
Have you ever been abducted
by aliens?
Excuse me? What kind
of question is that? Next!
NESTOR:
No, wait, señor.
MUMBLE:
I met a skua once,
with something like that
on his foot.
Said he was abducted by aliens.
This, friend,
is my sacred talisman...
[¶¶¶]
FEMALE PENGUINS:
¶ Talisman, talisman ¶
...bestowed on me
by the mystic beings...
¶ Mystic beings ¶
...during my epic journey
of enlightenment...
¶ Whoo ¶
...to the forbidden shore.
¶ Forbidden shore ¶
Oh, say it one more.
Oh, yeah.
Wait, you saw mystic beings?
I hear them!
They speak through me!
Oh, yeah.
[BLUSTERS]
There's a power that makes me
stand upon this tower!
Did they have front-ways eyes?
Did they probe you?
Strap you down?
Enough!
"Did they probe me?"
[BABBLING]
Too many questions!
You don't have
enough pebbles, fool.
You haven't answered
any of my questions.
How many questions he got?
We've all got stuff
to ask!
[ALL CHATTERING]
Enough!
You bring this stranger
before me.
He doubts my powers.
He compares me to a skua.
The voices are shrieking
in my head.
They say,
"Lovelace, who is this fool?
"Tell him! Tell him
to go forth
and multiply!"
[ALL GASP]
Come to think of it,
why don't we all go forth
and multiply?
ALL:
Ooh, Lovelace.
What he saying?
It's mating season.
Already?
I will retire now to my couch
of perpetual indulgence.
Okay, ladies, who's first?
ALL: Me!
LOVELACE:
One at a time. Don't touch
the talisman, baby, please.
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute. What about us?
ALL [CHANTING]:
Lovelace, Lovelace, Lovelace!
Hear me!
There's not enough love
in the world.
Turn to the penguin
next to you.
Put your flippers up.
Fluff him up a little bit.
And give him a great big hug.
Okay, ladies.
[GIRLS OOH]
Oh, make that little noise
again, girl.
LOVELACE:
Mm-hm.
Hey, what he got
we don't got, man?
What you hugging me for?
He told me to.
Get away.
No, you like it.
Get off him, Ramon.
Hey, Stretch, got any stones
where you come from?
We don't collect stones.
You don't? Why not?
We live on the ice.
So how you win the heart
of the ladies?
Well, we sing.
[ALL LAUGH]
Stop! That's crazy!
You're kidding, right?
No. We sing to each other.
If someone special likes
your song, you know...
Oh, and you have
someone a-special?
A tall beauty
in your dark romantic past?
Of which you never speak?
Well, sort of.
Hey, let's go check it out.
Maybe she got some friends.
I like 'em tall.
It's never gonna work.
Hey, big guy.
It's the loving season.
All you gotta do is sing.
That's the problem. I can't.
You a bird,
ain't you?
All birds can sing.
¶ I don't sing
Like the birdie do ¶
[TWEETS]
All right.
¶ Find me, find me ¶
What's he doing?
¶ Somebody ¶
[HONKING]
I think he's singing.
I know singing,
that's not singing.
[SCREECHES]
I heard an animal once do that,
but then they rolled him over,
he was dead.
Yeah.
And when she sings,
it darn near breaks your heart.
RAUL [CHUCKLES]:
You in tragic shape, man.
Don't worry. We can fix it.
We can?
Absolutely. We can. We can!
ALL: We can?
Really?
Yes!
Let me tell something to you.
Come close. Closer.
You wanna sing?
Yeah.
You sure?
[WITH ACCENT] Absolutely.
You making fun of me?
Then this is very easy.
Really? Gosh, if I could sing,
that would change everything.
You will sing. You just got
to do exactly what I say.
Okay.
RAMON:
Did I say "okay"?
MUMBLE: No.
No. What did I say?
MUMBLE:
Do exactly what you say.
RAMON:
Exactly what I say.
[¶¶¶]
SEYMOUR:
¶ Don't push me
'Cause I'm close to the edge ¶
[GLORIA HARMONIZING]
SEYMOUR:
¶ I'm trying not
To lose my ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Gloria ¶
¶ It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder ¶
¶ How I keep from going under ¶
¶ Midnight creeps
So slowly ¶
¶ Into hearts of those ¶
¶ Who need more
Than they get ¶
¶ Daylight deals a bad hand ¶
¶ To a penguin who has laid
Too many bets ¶
¶ I'll make love to you
Like you want me to ¶
¶ And I'll hold you tight
Baby, all through the night ¶
¶ The mirror stares you
In the face ¶
¶ And says, "Baby--" ¶
¶ Shake a bon-bon
Shake a-- ¶
¶ It don't work ¶
¶ You say your prayers
Though you don't care ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Gloria, Gloria, Gloria ¶
Boys! Boys!
Boys!
[RAMON HUMMING SPANISH SONG]
[GASPS]
[RAMON SINGING "MY WAY"
IN SPANISH]
Mumble?
Mumble.
Oh, hi, Gloria.
Hola.
[RAMON CONTINUES SINGING]
And this is you?
Sure, it's me.
Ha-ha. You like?
Well, I would,
if it were really you, yeah.
Well, it is me, sort of.
Yeah.
Turn around.
[GROANS]
Why?
Well, why not?
Well...
[GRUNTS]
Oh.
[CHUCKLES]
What do you know?
Yeah.
¶ My way ¶
Gloria.
Mumble, how could you?
Um...
[SIGHS]
Hello.
[GROANS]
I know size can be daunting,
but don't be afraid. I love you.
Gloria, please.
I love you!
Gloria!
ALL: Gloria!
Please, Gloria, wait!
Please, Gloria,
wait for me!
Ramon!
¶ I like big tails ¶
¶ And I can't deny ¶
Stop it!
Mumble, what could
you possibly be thinking?
I don't know what else to do.
CHORUS:
¶ Ooh ¶
Oh, Gloria, no.
¶ Oh, Gloria ¶
¶ Gloria ¶
LOMBARDO:
Go up there, right now.
[SOBBING]
¶ Daylight deals a bad hand-- ¶
Gloria. Gloria.
Sing to this.
[TAPPING]
¶ Gloria ¶
Mumble,
you're embarrassing me.
[SIGHS]
Baby, uh-uh,
it don't work.
[¶¶¶]
¶ Baby, uh-uh-uh
Uh-uh ¶
[GLORIA SIGHS]
¶ Uh-uh-uh-uh ¶
[FEET TAPPING]
¶ Uh-uh-uh ¶
¶ Uh-uh
So slowly ¶
¶ So slowly into hearts
Of those ¶
¶ Who need more
Than they get ¶
¶ Daylight deals a bad hand ¶
¶ To a penguin that has laid
Too many bets ¶
¶ The mirror stares you
In the face ¶
¶ And says
"Baby, uh-uh, it don't work" ¶
¶ You say your prayers
Though you don't care ¶
¶ You sing and you shake
The hurt ¶
CHORUS:
¶ Hurt ¶
Dance!
[PANTING]
ALL:
¶ Boogie wonderland ¶
¶ Ah, ah, dance ¶
¶ Midnight creeps so slowly ¶
¶ Into hearts of men
Who need more than they get ¶
GLORIA:
¶ Daylight deals a bad hand ¶
¶ To a penguin who has laid
Too many bets ¶
CHORUS:
¶ The mirror stares you
In the face ¶
¶ And says,
"Baby, uh-uh, it don't work" ¶
¶ You say your prayers
Though you don't care ¶
¶ You dance and shake the hurt ¶
Dance!
ALL:
Mumble!
¶ Boogie wonderland ¶
¶ Dance, dance, dance ¶
¶ Mumble ¶
ALL:
¶ Boogie wonderland ¶
RAUL:
¶ Check it out, check it out
Check it out ¶
¶ Yo soy Raul
Pingüino mas cool ¶
¶ Latino por supuesto
Cien porciento Español ¶
¶ My brothers ¶
ALL: ¶ ¿Qué? ¶
¶ Loco me llama
Una señorita ¶
¶ Me siento como inflama ¶
¶ La fiesta para bailar
Muchachita ¶
¶ Mi corazón tiene dinamita
Boom! ¶
ALL:
¶ Exacto ¶
¶ You look so beautiful
To me, baby ¶
ALL:
¶ Tu papi pingüino ¶
[ALL YELLING,
SCREAMING]
ALL:
¶ Boo-yaka, Boo-yaka ¶
Mumble!
SEYMOUR: Hey, Miss Viola.
ALL:
¶ All the ¶
¶ Love in the world
Can't be gone ¶
¶ Mumble ¶
¶ All the need to be loved
Can't be wrong ¶
¶ Mumble! ¶
EGGBERT: Disgraceful!
¶ All the Heartsongs
Are breaking ¶
Who do they think
they are?
Where is Noah?
This is getting out of hand.
¶ Boogie wonderland ¶
¶ Wonderland ¶
Hey, Memphis.
It's your boy, Mumble.
Mumble?
ALL: ¶ Mumble! ¶
[LAUGHING]
No, no.
No, it's "mambo." O!
Uh-uh, baby.
They're saying...
ALL: ¶ Mumble! ¶
Mumble!
Whoo!
ALL:
Hey!
¶ Boogie ¶
Behold, Noah,
look!
This was an omen
from the start
and now we have
this uprising!
Stop! Stop!
ALL:
¶ Disco, disco, let's go
Let's go, let's boogie! ¶
NOAH:
Stop this unruly nonsense!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
NOAH:
Stop it right now!
[CROWD SILENCES]
A little self-control,
if you please!
You bring this disorder,
this aberration, to the very
heart of our community.
Have you lost
your minds?
BOY 1: We're having fun.
GIRL 1: Harmless fun.
Harmless? It is this kind
of backsliding
that has brought
the scarcity upon us.
Uh, excuse me, Smiley.
Can you speak plain penguin,
please?
He thinks the food shortage
has something to do with me.
Do you not understand
that we can only survive here
when we're in harmony?
When you and
your foreign friends
lead us into your easy ways,
you offend the Great 'Guin.
You invite him
to withhold his bounty.
He rules
the seasons.
He giveth
and he can taketh away.
Indeed.
Wait a minute. Happy feet
can't cause a famine.
If thy kind
of pagan display
did not cause it,
then what did?
I think it comes from outside.
Way beyond the ice.
There are things out there,
things we don't understand.
Mysteries.
Mind-boggling mysteries.
Mystic beings.
Yeah, aliens.
He's mad.
No, aliens.
I hear they're smart.
He's insane.
Insane!
They might be smarter
than all of us. Who knows?
He drove the fish away and
now he's ranting this rubbish!
Hey, let me tell something
to you.
Don't touch me,
you filthy vermin.
Hey! Hey, watch it!
And so it follows,
dissent leads to division
and division
leads us to doom.
You, Mumble Happy Feet,
must go.
NORMA JEAN:
Don't you take
one step, sweetheart.
You have as much right
to be here
as any of these daffy
old fools.
[ALL GRUNTING]
Norma Jean,
I'll deal with this.
Pa?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Mumble, you must renounce
your so-called friends,
your peculiar thoughts,
y-your strange ways.
Memphis!
If we are devout,
sincere in our praise,
the fish will return.
But, Pa...
Listen, boy, I was
a backslider myself.
I was careless, and now
we're paying the price.
What's this got
to do with Mumble?
It's why he is
the way he is.
But there's nothing
wrong with him!
Face it,
our son's all messed up.
He's not messed up,
you hear me?
Believe me,
I know he is!
How can you say that?!
'Cause when he was
just an egg, I dropped him!
[ALL GASP]
Memphis!
Mumble.
Oh, my poor little Mumble.
But, Mom,
I'm perfectly fine.
No. No, you're not, boy.
For all our sakes, you must stop
this freakiness with the feet.
Your father
speaks wisely.
Heed his suffering heart
and repent.
But it just doesn't
make any sense.
Then your arrogance
leaves us no choice!
No, wait.
Please, son, you can do this.
It ain't so hard.
Don't ask me to change, Pa,
'cause I can't.
NOAH:
And that, my brethren,
is the end of it.
You, begone!
[CROWD MURMURING]
Mumble.
No, Ma, it's okay.
It's okay.
[AS RAMON]
Let me tell something
to you.
[NORMAL VOICE]
When I find out what's
happening to the fish,
I'll be back.
[GROWLS, BARKS]
GLORIA:
Can you let me through?
Let me through.
Mumble,
you don't have to go.
Let it be.
No!
MAURICE: Gloria.
No, Dad, this isn't fair.
MICHELLE:
Gloria, listen to your father.
NESTOR:
¶ My folks were always
Putting him down ¶
AMIGOS:
¶ Down, down, down ¶
¶ They said he came from
The wrong side of town ¶
¶ He came from
¶ They told me he was bad ¶
¶ So bad ¶
¶ But I know he was sad ¶
¶ So sad ¶
¶ I'll never forget him
The leader of the pack ¶
We sing the heart
of our true friend, Mumble.
You are a nation
of peeny-weeny,
piffling, piccolini,
piddly-diddly pooft!
Pfft!
Together, we prevail.
ALL:
In the wisdoms, we trust.
We trust.
[SIGHS]
AMIGOS:
¶ Look out ¶
¶ Look ¶
Don't worry, tall guy.
My father also called me
a pitiful loser.
Look how I turn out.
You're not helping,
Ramon.
He gonna be okay.
All he gotta do is find out
what happened to the fish.
How he gonna do that?
He think of something.
The aliens.
What?
I'm gonna talk to the aliens.
How you gonna
find aliens?
Lovelace.
But he don't like you.
He don't like you at all.
That's okay.
I'll appeal
to his better nature.
How you gonna do that?
Cruel and unusual punishment?
Unimaginable torture?
Imaginable torture?
RINALDO:
Your singing?
ALL:
No!
Very funny, funny!
You're cracking the ice!
Avalanche!
[ALL LAUGHING]
MUMBLE:
Yes, okay. Thank you.
[¶¶¶]
Lovelace! You there?
Lovelace!
Lovelace?
LOMBARDO:
Is this a bad time?
I-I know we don't have
an appointment, but--
Just one question,
and I want a straight answer.
Where do I find
the mystic beings?
RINALDO:
Why don't he speak?
[GROANING]
Lovelace, you okay?
[GASPING]
RAUL:
Boy, he's possessed.
Oh, no!
It's a seizure!
Open the beak.
Grab his tongue.
MUMBLE:
No, he's choking.
That thing around his neck,
it's too tight.
Well,
why didn't you say so?
Come on. On three.
Uno, dos, tres, cuatro!
MUMBLE: Stop! No!
Amigos!
Amigos! Stop!
What?!
Why?
You're hurting him.
[GASPS]
Any better?
Lovelace, how did you get
that thing around your neck?
It was bestowed on him.
By the mystic beings.
Did--? They didn't
bestow it?
No.
What?
Oh, come on, he don't know
what he's saying.
You-- You were swimming,
and it just got caught
around your neck.
Oh, no way.
He the guru.
[GROANS]
Lovelace, did you ever actually
meet a mystic being?
Officially?
No.
I knew it!
It's all a lie.
But this belongs to someone.
And if we could find them,
I bet you
they could take it off.
Show me where you found it.
I'm sure they could help us.
You and me both.
[GRUNTING]
Two words...
Three syllables.
What is it?
You're dying?
No, no, wait.
Past... Past...
Your past life.
[GURGLES]
You're passing gas.
[BARKING]
RAUL:
Aye-yay-yay.
Now he thinks
he's an elephant seal.
LOMBARDO:
No, no, no, no.
Go over the mountains.
Go over the mountains!
Through the land
of the elephant seals.
Beyond the land
of the elephant seals!
ALL:
Yay!
RAMON:
Winner!
[PANTS, GRUNTS]
[¶¶¶]
RAMON: Wait.
What?
I--
I hear voices.
What?
There is a voice.
Where?
There's a little
voice on the wind.
GLORIA [ECHOING]:
Mumble!
"Mambo"?
Shh, listen.
GLORIA: Mumble Happy Feet.
Gloria?
Gloria.
Gloria!
Hey, you got a stalker.
She's obsessed
with you, man.
MUMBLE:
I can't believe it's you.
GLORIA:
Of course it's me.
What are you doing here?
¶ All the love in the world
Can't be gone ¶
Oh.
¶ All the need to be loved
Can't be wrong ¶
Oh, my.
So which way,
twinkletoes?
No, no, no. If you come,
you may never get back home.
Fine by me.
Gloria, you have a life
back there.
I don't. I mean, we don't.
Not out here.
How can we keep an egg safe?
That's if we ever had an egg.
Well, I don't need an egg
to be happy.
You say that now,
but what about later?
When all your friends have eggs?
Then I'll have you.
AMIGOS:
Aw!
RAMON:
Now he's going to pledge
his soul forever.
Gloria.
RAMON: Here it comes.
I'm a particular kind of guy,
the kind of guy
who needs his own space.
Oh.
It's not you, it's me.
I'm just not up for a serious
relationship right now.
What he's trying to do now
is he's pushing her away.
Mumble.
Let's watch the fun.
No matter what you say or do,
you're stuck with me.
Oh, come on. As if you're not
totally thrilled that I'm here.
Now she got him
on the ropes.
See, right there
is your problem.
You think you're irresistible,
don't you?
RAMON:
I don't care where you're from,
that's got to hurt.
Excuse me?
Gloria's so gorgeous,
Gloria's so talented.
What?
Just because you can hit
a few high notes.
You got a problem
with my singing?
No, it's perfectly fine.
"Fine"?
If you like that sort of thing.
It's a little Nana Tootsie
for my taste.
What?
You know, showy,
flashy, froufrou.
"Froufrou"?
That's right.
Ha! Coming from someone
who thinks it's cool
to jig up and down
really fast on the spot,
like some twitchy idiot.
[AMIGOS YELP]
Ugh! You stubborn,
hippity-hoppity fool!
RAMON:
Right back at you.
Ugh!
Amigo, that was
a good thing you do.
She is going to be so much
better off without you.
She is going to find a good,
steady guy to comfort her
and love her up real good
and raise a big family.
Ramon.
And then she's going
to let herself go--
Ramon. He's hurting.
He's hurting bad.
Oh, listen, listen,
don't hold it in
or you explode.
You got to let it out.
You just let it out.
You let it out.
Everybody,
turn away for a moment.
¶ If she leave him now ¶
¶ She take away
The biggest part of him ¶
ALL:
¶ Ooh, don't
Baby, please, don't go ¶
Please, guys.
No more singing.
[¶¶¶]
RAMON:
Then she say to me, "Enough,
you are making me nauseous."
So I become silent,
almost moody,
and you know what she says?
"You never share.
You got to let it out."
RAUL: Ramon, come on.
RAMON: Let it out. Let it out.
RAUL:
Stop it! Let it go.
RAMON:
I never had a good relationship
in my life.
LOMBARDO:
Give him a hug.
RAMON: I let it out!
NESTOR: There we go.
I let it out.
RAUL: I know. Get over it.
Can you keep going?
Yeah.
[GROANING IN DISTANCE]
LOMBARDO: What's that smell?
RINALDO: It wasn't me.
[ALL GROAN]
RAMON:
Hey, Fluffy, we're
following you. Get up here.
[GROANING ECHOES]
LOMBARDO:
So, uh, these elephant seals,
they're not penguin-eaters,
are they?
RAMON:
I don't know.
I believe they are herbivores.
What?
You know, kelp-suckers.
Here we go, Lovelace.
Come on.
AMIGOS:
Jump in time. Jump in time.
Okay, let's do it.
Okay, okay, okay. Ready?
[ALL CHEERING]
[CHUCKLES]
I can do this. I can do this.
I got to trick myself.
Boy, look at that? What?
[SCREAMING]
Whoa!
Oof!
[AMIGOS YELLING]
[RAMON YELLING]
[GROWLING]
You blokes better be lost,
'cause trespassing's a crime.
We're just passing through.
Yeah. We're with him.
Oy. You wouldn't be heading
over them distant hills
and through
the blizzard country?
If it's the only way
to the forbidden shore, yeah.
Crikey.
You might come face to face
with an annihilator.
An alien annihilator?
Too right. Cut you up
as soon as look at you.
Waste every living thing
in their path.
Could they be annihilating
the fish?
Every living thing.
Merciless, mate.
Merciless.
Even if you're
a whopping great whale,
they drag
your sorry carcass ashore,
dice you up, melt you down,
and turn you into fun food.
[GRUNTS]
One day
you're a big old whale,
next minute...
[COUGHS]
fun food.
Someone's gotta stop them.
Oh, yeah? What's gonna
be your approach?
If I could just talk to them.
Yeah?
Appeal to their better nature.
Beauty.
When that crafty
little trick pays off,
you be sure to let us know,
won't ya?
[ELEPHANT SEALS CHUCKLE]
All right, Lovelace,
let's go.
[GASPING]
See ya, Lovelace.
Your funeral,
mate.
[¶¶¶]
[ALL GRUNTING]
RAUL:
Oh, man!
Push, guys.
RAMON: Okay!
[ALL YELLING]
RAMON:
Come on, guys.
Let's do it.
You can do it.
Come on, push!
[ALL GRUNTING]
[¶¶¶]
[MUMBLE GRUNTS]
MUMBLE:
What's that noise?
RINALDO:
There's no noise.
RAUL:
No gasping. No wheezing.
LOMBARDO:
Where's Lovelace?
Sometimes a brave penguin
will just slip away to die.
Do you think
he went to a happy place?
Probably.
No, no. I think
he went this way.
Oh.
Wow.
[ALL GASP]
[¶¶¶]
Come on. Let's go.
[AMIGOS MUTTERING]
MUMBLE:
Lovelace!
Hello?
Is there anyone there?
LOMBARDO:
No-- No need to shout.
RAMON:
Somebody might hear you.
Hm.
His feet don't look too good.
He rested here.
Now he's on his belly!
No, this way.
RAMON:
You don't want to know
what he did here.
MUMBLE:
There he is. Lovelace!
AMIGOS:
All right! Lovelace!
Lovelace!
[GASPING]
Oh, look at Lovelace.
We're here.
RINALDO:
Are you okay?
Come on, man.
Hang in there, buddy.
MUMBLE:
What is it?
RAUL:
Oh, look. There's one
for everyone.
MUMBLE:
Hang in there, Lovelace.
I know they're here somewhere.
Why would they leave
all this behind?
I don't know.
[BELL RINGS]
LOMBARDO:
Tell them we come in peace.
RINALDO:
We come in peace!
[LOVELACE GASPS]
AMIGOS: Lovelace!
Oh, buddy, come on.
Are you okay?
Hang in there, buddy.
Oh, that's not good.
Stay calm.
RAMON: That's not good.
NESTOR: Okay, don't stay calm!
RAMON: Panic!
[ALL SCREAMING]
RAMON:
Oh, no, no!
RINALDO:
Oh, they're making us
appe-teasers.
RAMON:
They're appe-teasing us!
RAUL:
We're all gonna die.
[WHALE SQUEALS]
Whatever you do,
stay out of the water!
RAMON:
Stay out of the water.
Lovelace, don't go
in the water!
[ALL SHOUTING]
Lovelace, hang in there!
Hang in there!
Get your dirty tongue off him!
AMIGOS:
No, no, no!
RINALDO:
Stay out of the water!
AMIGOS:
Mumble! Mumble!
[¶¶¶]
[MUMBLE GRUNTING]
[WHALE SQUEAKING]
[ALL SHOUTING]
[GASPING]
NESTOR:
They playing birdminton?
RINALDO:
No, it's a show!
Dinner and a show.
MUMBLE:
Lovelace!
[GASPING]
LOVELACE:
Rejoice!
Oh, yeah!
[LOVELACE CHEERING]
MUMBLE:
Lovelace!
Help!
Reach out!
LOVELACE:
Thank you, my brother,
thank you!
[WHALES SQUEALING]
[ALL SCREAMING]
RINALDO:
I wasn't scared!
Oh, my beautiful brother,
thank you,
thank you, thank you!
Go, Lovelace!
You the man!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Enough!
It's a bad day for you!
You dealing
with Lovelace now!
And my man, Mumble, here.
You tell them, Lovelace.
Begone, demon fish.
Adios. Andiamó!
That's right. Boo-hoo!
You hightail it
back to your mamas.
Don't make me come
in the water.
I'll come after
your sons and daughters.
I'm gonna give you
the bad eye.
[GIBBERING]
[¶¶¶]
Uh...
[RUMBLING]
[ALL SHOUTING]
[¶¶¶]
[ALL PANTING]
LOMBARDO:
A whole bunch of them.
RINALDO:
They gonna rule the world.
LOMBARDO:
Aye, Dios mio.
MUMBLE:
It's gotta be them.
If it is,
I don't wanna know about it.
They don't even know
we exist.
Let me tell something to you.
This is the end of the road.
It's over.
You did everything
penguinly possible.
You found the aliens.
LOVELACE:
We gonna testify to that.
We'll tell your whole
laughing-boy nation
they were dead wrong
about you.
RAMON:
Now, let's all go back home.
Right now.
Right on.
Could I ask a favor of you?
Sure.
What kind
of favor?
Could you make sure
Gloria's okay?
And my ma.
AMIGOS: What? Huh?
And if you see Pa,
tell him I tried.
Okay,
what you talking about?
I'm gonna stop them
taking our fish.
How you gonna do that,
Mumble?
[AMIGOS CHATTERING]
MUMBLE:
Adios, amigos!
Amigo! He did it.
[¶¶¶]
Madre mía.
You believe that?
How we gonna tell his mama
he bring us all this way
just to kill himself?
No. He didn't. Look!
[RAUL LAUGHING]
He loco maniac.
First ever
flying flipper bird.
RAMON:
How tall you think
that tall boy was?
Who could say?
Taller than anyone.
Hey, it's me, Lovelace,
formerly known as "guru."
I'm gonna be telling
your story, Happy Feet,
long after you dead and gone!
Hey. Hey!
[GRUNTING]
[YELLING]
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
[¶¶¶]
LOVELACE:
Enraged by their indifference,
he followed them long after
they were gone from his sight.
He ventured further
than any of us had gone before,
beyond all hope of return.
Swept up by the great currents,
he was carried endlessly
across vast oceans
to worlds unknown.
[BRAKES SQUEAK]
Excuse me.
What is this place?
You're in heaven, Dave.
Penguin heaven.
Is it anywhere near
Emperor Land?
It's wherever
you want it to be.
[GRUNTS]
Try the water, Dave.
It's really real.
[GRUNTS]
Oh.
[GASPING]
I heard tell,
when he finally saw aliens
up close,
they were just as the skua
had described.
Excuse me.
Why are you taking our fish?
Big, ugly penguins
without feathers
on their fat, flabby faces.
Why are you taking our fish?
You're kind of killing us
out there.
No! No, wait!
[¶¶¶]
[PANTING]
Oh, my.
Uh, h-hello.
Hello from Emperor Land.
Good afternoon.
Why are you taking our fish?
I'm sure you don't mean to,
but you're causing
an awful lot of grief.
Uh...
Am I--?
Am I not making myself clear?
I'm speaking plain penguin.
Penguin!
Don't you understand?
You're stealing our fish.
[HONKING]
Oh, please, anyone, talk to me!
For pity's sake,
you're stealing our F-I-S--
[HONKING]
After three days,
he would lose his voice.
After three months,
he would all
but lose his mind.
NORMA JEAN:
So you found the fish, baby.
Ma?
Hi, sweetie.
Ma.
Fluffy, no matter
what they say or do,
we never stopped
believing in you.
So you'll be back soon,
right?
Um...
Hey, come on. Let him eat.
Go ahead, Dave.
Don't mind us.
But-- But there's plenty
for everyone.
NORMA JEAN:
It's okay, sugar.
[DISTORTED]
We can wait.
No, no, Ma! Ma!
There's-- There's--
There's lots here. Ma!
[GRUNTS]
[¶¶¶]
Ma!
[GRUNTS]
[TAPPING]
[SIGHS]
[FEET TAPPING]
[GIGGLES]
[LAUGHS]
[¶¶¶]
[SIGHS]
[FEET TAPPING]
[CROWD MURMURING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNTING]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
MAN:
Kids, you gotta see this!
He's on now.
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
MUMBLE:
Hey! Hello!
Isn't that the fellow
with the wacky feet?
Looks like.
What was his name?
I thought he was dead.
MUMBLE: Everybody--
Apparently not.
Everybody, listen up!
I've got big news.
I know who's taking
the fish!
Yeah, and they took his brain.
It's the aliens.
I made contact with them.
FEMALE 1:
The lunatic is back.
MUMBLE:
The aliens are taking our fish.
Someone ought to fetch
Noah and the elders.
Hey, you.
Gloria.
Kind of weird,
seeing you again.
Yeah.
Everything cool here,
baby?
You remember Seymour.
Yeah. Hi, Seymour.
Yeah.
Uh, so which one is yours?
All of them.
Oh.
This is our singing class.
He teaches rhythm.
I teach the blues.
So you're not--?
I guess I never heard
the right song, did I?
That's great!
I-I-I didn't mean--
Uh, uh...
Well, I found out
who's taking the fish.
They're big and kind of ugly,
but, oh, Gloria,
the things that they can do.
And they're coming here.
Oh, is that so?
They'll be here soon.
I think they wanna help us.
So now you speak with them?
Well, they don't speak penguin,
but they seem
to respond to this.
FEMALE 2: What's he doing?
MALE 1: You gotta be kidding me.
I suggest we all do it.
It really gets their attention.
And why would it do that?
[CHUCKLES]
Beats me, but it works.
MALE 2:
Hey, it's the hippity-hopper.
FEMALE 3:
Freaky feet!
Boys, boys--
Fluffy.
Tall guy.
Stretch!
Amigo!
[ALL SHOUTING]
[ALL MURMURING]
So you dare come back?
He says he's found aliens
and they're taking our fish.
He says that they're coming
and we all have to do this.
[CROWD GROANING, CHUCKLING]
There be no such thing
as aliens!
Uh, Mumble,
t-turn around.
[ALL GASP]
MALE 3:
It's a disease.
Is that from them?
Yeah. But don't be afraid.
I think it's a way to find me,
that's all.
You led them here? You turned
them on your own kind?!
Wait a second,
you just said
there's no such thing as aliens.
[ALL CLAMORING]
Well, t--
There's not.
But if there were,
only a traitorous fool
would bring them here.
But they have to come.
They're the ones
taking our fish.
They can do something
about it.
None but the Great 'Guin has
the power to give and take away.
But the Great 'Guin didn't
put things out of whack,
the aliens did.
A fool returns this day
to mock our suffering.
We are starving
and he wants us to hippity-hop.
So do we hold fast
to our ways,
or do we bend to the fetid
fantasies of a dancing fool?
[BEEPING]
[ALL MURMURING]
Say, how does
that feet thing go again?
Yeah, show us, Mumble.
Oh, it's really quite easy.
NOAH:
No, no!
No, you must resist!
That's right.
MALE 4:
Pointless nonsense.
EGGBERT:
Resist! Stand your ground!
Stand your ground
against this folly!
[FEET TAPPING]
[RHYTHMIC CHANTING]
GLORIA:
Uh, uh.
NOAH:
Raise your voices, brothers.
Cry out in defiance
of this jiggity-joggity!
Show me what you got.
[ALL GIGGLING]
You got it.
[¶¶¶]
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
Come on.
Work, work, yeah.
NOAH:
Yes, yes! Call on the wisdoms!
Let the world tremble!
For when all others leave...
ALL:
We remain!
NORMA JEAN:
Mumble! Mumble!
Mama? Amigos.
[ALL CHEERING]
Compañeros.
Oh, Mama.
Oh, my boy.
[CHUCKLES]
My gorgeous boy.
Oh, Mama.
Look at him.
You're so dazzling.
Oh, Fluffy.
We waited and waited for you.
Oh, yeah. Mm.
Where's Pa?
Oh, believe me. You don't
wanna see your deadbeat dad.
Your pa is sort of...
What?
Come on, I'll show you.
[ELDERS CHANTING]
Memphis?
Pa?
[GRUNTS]
Mumble?
Is it truly you?
Every last bit of me, Pa.
I thought...
I...
[SIGHS]
Pa?
There ain't been one day,
not one day,
that I done right by you.
Oh, Pa.
Dance for him, daddy.
Dance with your boy.
You'll have to forgive me.
The music's gone
clean out of me.
No, it hasn't.
It's just like singing
with your body.
Come on, baby.
We can do it.
Oh, mama.
It's just one big old foot
after the other.
[¶¶¶]
That's it.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah, see?
Well, that feels good.
¶ You don't have
To be beautiful ¶
Yeah, Memphis.
¶ To turn me on ¶
Daddy.
¶ I just need your body, baby ¶
¶ From dusk till dawn ¶
¶ You don't have to be rich
To be my girl ¶
MEMPHIS AND NORMA JEAN:
¶ You don't have to be cool
To rule my world ¶
¶ Ain't no particular song
I'm more compatible with ¶
¶ I just want your extra time
And your... ¶
[ELDERS CHANTING]
[BEEPING RAPIDLY]
[WIND GUSTING]
[ALL CHANTING]
Holy flock!
[BEEPING RAPIDLY]
[ALL SQUAWKING]
RAMON [WHISPERING]:
Mommy, Mommy, Mommy.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
[GROANS]
I think you better dance now.
[FEET TAPPING]
[¶¶¶]
[BEATBOXING]
[RHYTHMIC GRUNTING]
Whoa.
[MAN LAUGHS]
You see, first, there was
just one. Now there's thousands.
Are they trying
to tell us something?
So, what's the problem?
We are messing
with their food chain.
We've gotta do something.
We suggest a ban
on all marine harvesting.
Too much money.
Too many jobs.
WOMAN:
¶ And in the end ¶
Why should we do anything
at all?
¶ The love you take ¶
MAN:
They're just a bunch
of flightless birds
at the bottom of the world.
¶ Is equal to ¶
I don't wanna live
in a world without penguins.
So, what are we gonna do
about it?
Bang up the sign "No Fishing."
Is equal to the love you make.
¶ You make ¶
LOVELACE:
¶ Oh, baby, right on ¶
[GLORIA SIGHS]
¶ Yeah, yeah ¶
Mm.
ALL:
¶ Looking back on when I was
A little nappy-headed boy ¶
FEMALE 1:
¶ Whoa-whoaaaaa ¶
¶ It's like a jungle sometimes ¶
¶ Makes me wonder
How I keep from going under ¶
ALL:
¶ ...what would be my toy ¶
Oh, yeah!
Bring it on! Go ahead!
¶ Even though we sometimes
Would not get a thing ¶
¶ We were happy with
The joy the day would bring ¶
¶ I wish those days
Would come back once more ¶
¶ Come back those days
Those days come back, don't go ¶
Come here, babe.
Come on back.
Ooh, yeah.
¶ Come on back ¶
ALL: ¶ Come on back ¶
¶ I love 'em, I love 'em ¶
¶ I love 'em
I love 'em ¶
ALL:
¶ Ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh ¶
FEMALES:
¶ Those days, those days
Those days, those days ¶
¶ Those day-ys ¶
Whoo!
[PRINCE'S "THE SONG
OF THE HEART" PLAYING]
¶ Everybody ¶
¶ Yeah, you might make
A different song ¶
¶ Oh, yes, that's right
It's true ¶
¶ But that don't make anybody
More or less as good as you ¶
¶ If you can't feel the music
That's all you really needs ¶
¶ To turn this party
All the way out ¶
¶ Good time guaranteed ¶
¶ Everybody get up, ugh
Clap your hands ¶
¶ Dancin' to the beat ¶
¶ Whatever you do
Little darlin', is cool ¶
¶ Just get up
Out your seat ¶
¶ Wave your flag
'Cause everybody plays a part ¶
¶ One world united
Singin' a song ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ Of the heart ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ Look
Everybody makes mistakes ¶
¶ Oh, yeah, not one or two ¶
¶ Yeah ¶
¶ But that don't make
The dirty little things ¶
¶ They say about you true ¶
¶ You tell 'em
"Step aside, little babies ¶
¶ "Watch me do my thing ¶
¶ "I don't even need
A good reason to do this ¶
¶ Listen to me sing" ¶
¶ Everybody get up, ha
Clap your hands ¶
¶ Show them what you got ¶
¶ Tonight we're gonna jam
From now till eternity ¶
¶ Don't you stop
Make it hot ¶
¶ Whoo ¶
¶ Wave your flag
'Cause everybody plays a part ¶
¶ One world united
Singin' a song ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ Oh ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
Think I wanna dance now.
¶ Come on ¶
¶ Whoo ¶
¶ Ugh, ugh
Watch me now ¶
¶ Oh, I don't care
What the people say ¶
¶ 'Cause this is my life ¶
¶ This is my life ¶
¶ I just got to like that
Okay ¶
¶ They can go fly
Their mama's kite ¶
¶ Hooray ¶
¶ Now-w-w-w ¶
¶ We can be together
If we all do our part ¶
¶ I'll let you if you let me
Sing the song of the heart ¶
¶ We can be together
If we all do our part ¶
¶ I'll let you if you let me
Sing the song ¶
¶ Ah-ahhh ¶
¶ Ah-ahh-ahh-ahh ¶
¶ Ahhh-ahhhh ¶
¶ Song ¶
ALL:
¶ Sing it, sing it
Ooh-ooh ¶
[MELODIC SCATTING]
¶ I'm gonna tell you all
One more time ¶
¶ Listen ¶
¶ Ugh ¶
¶ One world ¶
ALL:
¶ One world united ¶
¶ Singin' a song ¶
ALL:
¶ Singin' a-- Singin' a--
Singin' a-- ¶
¶ Singin' a ¶
ALL: ¶ Song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ Song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ Song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ Song of the heart
Song of the heart ¶
¶ Song of the-- Song of the--
Song of the-- Song of the-- ¶
¶ Hey ¶
¶ Song of the heart ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ Whoo ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ Tell me ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ Whoa, yeah ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ Tell me ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ Keep singing ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
¶ Whoa ¶
¶ The song ¶
¶ You do you
I do me ¶
¶ Whatever ¶
¶ Whoo ¶
¶ Go on, y'all ¶
¶ The song of the heart ¶
[GRUNTS]
[GIA FARRELL'S "HIT ME UP"
PLAYING]
¶ Baby, baby
Just a little bit ¶
Just a little more ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Let me see ya ¶
¶ Walk to me, talk to me
Handle me right ¶
¶ I dig causing commotion ¶
¶ I can't help
But make a scene ¶
¶ I ain't looking for something
Permanent to get at me ¶
¶ If you run back
You can keep that ¶
¶ Tell you what
It's gonna be ¶
¶ You better step up your game
Before you can step to me ¶
¶ Can't you see me
Walking through the door? ¶
¶ Maybe I should turn it up
A little bit more ¶
¶ I can't help
But feel responsible ¶
¶ But what the girls hatin'
The boys adore ¶
¶ Say, hey
What's it gonna be tonight? ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
Rollin' with me tonight ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
We been running all night ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ I know you feel it 'cause
You're checking me, boy ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Just a little bit ¶
Just a little more ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Let me see ya ¶
¶ Walk to me, talk to me
Handle me right ¶
¶ I walk and jaws
All be droppin' ¶
¶ It's so electrified ¶
¶ Ooh-ooh ¶
¶ Don't mean to intimidate ¶
¶ Don't mean to make you
Lose your mind ¶
¶ If you want this
Work your focus ¶
¶ Show me that you got
What's right ¶
¶ You better make
An impression ¶
¶ Won't get another try ¶
¶ Can't you see me
Walking through the door? ¶
¶ Maybe I should turn it up
A little bit more ¶
¶ I can't help
But feel responsible ¶
¶ But what the girls hatin'
The boys adore ¶
¶ Say, hey
What's it gonna be tonight? ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
Rollin' with me tonight ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
We been runnin' all night ¶
¶ We been running, oh-oh ¶
¶ I know you feel it 'cause
You're checking me, boy ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Just a little bit ¶
Just a little more ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Let me see ya ¶
¶ Walk to me, talk to me
Handle me right ¶
¶ Oh-oh ¶
¶ Hey ¶
¶ Hey-y ¶
¶ Oh-oh ¶
¶ Oh ¶
¶ Say, hey
Rollin' with me tonight ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
We been runnin' all night ¶
¶ What's it gonna be tonight? ¶
¶ I know you feel it 'cause
You're checking me, boy ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
What's it gonna be tonight? ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
Rollin' with me tonight ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Say, hey
We been runnin' all night ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ I know you feel it 'cause
You're checking me, boy ¶
¶ Come hit me up
Come hit me up ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Just a little bit ¶
Just a little more ¶
¶ Baby, baby
Let me see ya ¶
¶ Walk to me, talk to me
Handle me right ¶
[JASON MRAZ'S "THE JOKER"
PLAYING]
¶ Some people call me
The space cowboy ¶
¶ Some call me
The gangster of love ¶
¶ And some people
Call me Maurice ¶
¶ 'Cause I speak
Of the pompitous of love ¶
¶ Well, people talking
About me, baby ¶
¶ Mm-hm-mm ¶
¶ They say I'm doin' you wrong
I'm doin' you wrong ¶
¶ Don't you worry
Don't you worry ¶
Pretty mama ¶
¶ 'Cause I'm right here
Right here, right here ¶
¶ Right here at home ¶
¶ You sheltered me from harm ¶
¶ Kept me warm ¶
¶ You gave my life to me ¶
¶ Set me free ¶
¶ The finest years
I ever knew ¶
¶ Were all the years
I had with you ¶
¶ I would give anything ¶
¶ And I'm a grinner
And I'm a lover ¶
¶ A sinner ¶
¶ You are my light ¶
¶ I play my music in the sun ¶
¶ I would give anything ¶
¶ I own ¶
¶ I'll give up my life ¶
¶ I sure don't want
To hurt no one ¶
¶ I would give anything ¶
¶ Some people call me
The space cowboy ¶
¶ Give up my life ¶
¶ And some call me
The gangster of love ¶
¶ I would give anything ¶
¶ And some people
Call me Maurice ¶
¶ Just to touch you ¶
¶ 'Cause I speak ¶
¶ Once again ¶
¶ Of the pompitous of love ¶
¶ Just to touch you ¶
¶ I speak ¶
¶ Once again ¶
¶ The pompitous of love ¶
¶ Just to hold you ¶
¶ 'Cause I speak ¶
[WHISPERS]
Gracias.
¶ Once again ¶
¶ Of love ¶